Add explicit lists of supported functions for stacks components and deployments. (#1850)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/terraform/v1.14.x/docs/language/functions/index.mdx

| [floor](/terraform/language/functions/floor)       | Yes       | Yes                | Yes               | returns the closest whole number that is less than or equal to the given value, which may be a fraction |
| [log](/terraform/language/functions/log)           | Yes       | Yes                | Yes               | returns the logarithm of a given number in a given base |
| [max](/terraform/language/functions/max)           | Yes       | Yes                | Yes               | takes one or more numbers and returns the greatest number from the set |
| [min](/terraform/language/functions/min)           | Yes       | Yes                | Yes               | takes one or more numbers and returns the smallest number from the set |
| [parseint](/terraform/language/functions/parseint) | Yes       | Yes                | Yes               | parses the given string as a representation of an integer in the specified base and returns the resulting number |
| [pow](/terraform/language/functions/pow)           | Yes       | Yes                | Yes               | calculates an exponent, by raising its first argument to the power of the second argument |

> | [signum](/terraform/language/functions/signum)           | Yes       | No                | No               | determines the sign of a number, returning -1, 0, or -1 to represent the sign |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Function | Configuration type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | 
| [abs](/terraform/language/functions/abs)           | .hcl, .tfcomponent.hcl, .tfdeploy.hcl | Returns the absolute value of the given number. |
| [ceil](/terraform/language/functions/ceil)         | .hcl, .tfcomponent.hcl, .tfdeploy.hcl | Returns the closest whole number that is greater than or equal to the given value, which may be a fraction. |
| [floor](/terraform/language/functions/floor)       | .hcl, .tfcomponent.hcl, .tfdeploy.hcl | Returns the closest whole number that is less than or equal to the given value, which may be a fraction. |
| [log](/terraform/language/functions/log)           | .hcl, .tfcomponent.hcl, .tfdeploy.hcl | Returns the logarithm of a given number in a given base. |
| [max](/terraform/language/functions/max)           | .hcl, .tfcomponent.hcl, .tfdeploy.hcl | Returns the greatest number from a set of one or more numbers. |
| [min](/terraform/language/functions/min)           | .hcl, .tfcomponent.hcl, .tfdeploy.hcl | Returns the smallest number from a set of one or more numbers. |
| [parseint](/terraform/language/functions/parseint) | .hcl, .tfcomponent.hcl, .tfdeploy.hcl | Parses a given string as a representation of an integer in the specified base and returns the resulting number. |
| [pow](/terraform/language/functions/pow)           | .hcl, .tfcomponent.hcl, .tfdeploy.hcl | Calculates an exponent, by raising its first argument to the power of the second argument. |
| [signum](/terraform/language/functions/signum)     | .hcl | Determines the sign of a number, returning `-1`, `0`, or `-1` to represent the sign. |
```
I was thinking something like this. We could put each type in the Configuration type on a new line for readability.

| [plantimestamp](/terraform/language/functions/plantimestamp)                   | Yes       | No                | No               | returns a UTC timestamp string in RFC 3339 format |
| [timeadd](/terraform/language/functions/timeadd)                   | Yes       | Yes                | Yes               | adds a duration to a timestamp, returning a new timestamp |
| [timecmp](/terraform/language/functions/timecmp)                   | Yes       | No                | No               | compares two timestamps and returns a number that represents the ordering of the instants those timestamps represent |
| [timestamp](/terraform/language/functions/timestamp)                   | Yes       | No                | No               | returns a UTC timestamp string in RFC 3339 format |

## Hash and crypto functions

| Function                                                         | Terraform | Stacks deployments | Stacks components | Description                                                                                                                                             |

> | ---------------------------------------------------------------- | --------- | ------------------ | ----------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

Reviewer 2: This probably results from copy/paste.  In this section, there's a bit of language variation.  "computes" vs "calculates" vs "is a variant of...that hashes".  It'd be worth standardizing on either of the first two, since they're all listed together.

Author: So I did steal these descriptions from the individual function pages, which are inconsistent in the same way. I didn't want to open up the can of worms of consistantifying them in this PR. We could just make these descriptions consistent for now and come back to the leaf pages later, though.
